v8: support gc profile (#46255)
nodejs/node: doc/api/v8.md

command line or the API is called more than once. `limit` must be a positive
integer. See [`--heapsnapshot-near-heap-limit`][] for more information.

## `v8.collectGCProfile(options)`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

* `options` {Object}

>   * `duration` {number} how long you want to collect the data.

Reviewer: This should specify the units. I assume milliseconds?

Reviewer: Also, is it possible to make this cancelable with an AbortSignal?

Author: Yes, i have update the code to support `AbortSignal` .

>   * `duration` {number} how long you want to collect the gc data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `duration` {number} how long you want to collect the GC data.
```

Author: Fixed, Thank you very much !

* Returns: {Promise}

> This API collects gc data over a period of time and return a object when
> the `Promise` resolve. The content is as follows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This API collects GC data over a period of time and returns an object when
the `Promise` resolves. The content is as follows.
```

> the `Promise` resolves. The content is as follows.

Author: > This should specify whether this is a process-wide profile or limited to the current thread. I can imagine cases where someone would try to enable it in every individual worker thread.
> 
it is limited to the current thread, i will update the docs.
> Also, what happens if it's called more than once while a prior call is still pending?

it is independent, does not affect each other.

```json

> {

Reviewer: Do we determine this format or does v8? If it's v8, mentioning here that the format is a v8-specific implementation detail would be good.

Author: we determine this format, like `process.report` do.

command line or the API is called more than once. `limit` must be a positive
integer. See [`--heapsnapshot-near-heap-limit`][] for more information.

> ## `v8.takeGCProfile(options)`

Reviewer 3: I don't feel like `take` is the correct word here. What about `collect`?

Author: Fixed, thanks!
